{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red31\green31\blue31;\red255\green255\blue255;\red11\green89\blue168;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c16471\c16471\c16471;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c43529\c71765;
}
{\info
{\author Sidlauskas, Brian}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24700\viewh15220\viewkind1\viewscale180
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Dryad Data Deposit for:  \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
BF Melo, BL Sidlauskas, TJ Near, FF Roxo, A Ghezelayagh, LE Ochoa, MLJ Stiassny, J Arroyave, J Chang, BC Faircloth, DJ MacGuigan, RC Harrington, RC Benine, MD Burns, K Hoekzema, NC Sanches, JA Maldonado-Ocampo, RMC Castro, F Foresti, ME Alfaro, C Oliveira. 2021. Accelerated Diversification Explains the Exceptional Species Richness of Tropical Characoid Fishes, 
\f1\i Systematic Biology
\f0\i0 , 2021; {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1093/sysbio/syab040"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 https://doi.org/10.1093/sysbio/syab040}}\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0   
\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
Thanks for your interest in the data underlying our paper! In this package, you will find the following files which should assist in checking or building upon our work. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 DatasetS1-datasets\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li713\fi-714\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	Four data matrices (.phylip) used in this study: 50, 75, 90, and 92% complete matrices, and associated partition files.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 DatasetS2-trees\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Tree files for each matrix for each of the analyses (RAxML, ExaBayes, ASTRAL-II), and the time-calibrated phylogeny generated by BEAST.    \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 DatasetS3-GGI\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 This folder has input and output files from the Gene Genealogy Interrogation (GGI) analysis.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 DatasetS4-divrates\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 This folder has input and output files from two diversification analysis performed in the study: the BAMM and TACT. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 DatasetS5-calibration\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 This folder has input and output files from the time calibrated analyses used in BEAST. We did exploratory analyses testing for the inclusion and exclusion of priors and all the results are presented in this folder. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 \
Supplementary Figures\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Supplementary Figures S1\'96S16 referenced in the main text.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 \
Supplementary Text\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Supplementary Text containing relevant information about Methods and Results resulted from this study.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li710\fi-711\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	Raw read data are archived in the NCBI Sequence Read Archive under Bioproject PRJNA563917. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
We provide these data for reuse, though naturally we would appreciate credit and citation as the originators.\
\
	\
	Best Fishes,\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi710\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	Bruno, Brian, Thomas, Fabio, Ava, Luz, Melanie, Jairo, Jonathan, Brant, Daniel, Richard, Ricardo, Michael, Kendra, Natalia, Javier, Ricardo, Fausto, Michael, and Claudio.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\fs16 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf0 \
}